docs(world): add code snippet to namespaces-access-control (#1962)
latticexyz/mud: docs/pages/world/namespaces-access-control.mdx

For example, here is a script that grants access to the `Counter` table to one address and revokes it for another.

<CollapseCode>

```solidity filename="Permissions.s.sol" copy {21-22}
pragma solidity >=0.8.21;

import { Script } from "forge-std/Script.sol";
import { console } from "forge-std/console.sol";
import { StoreSwitch } from "@latticexyz/store/src/StoreSwitch.sol";

import { IWorld } from "../src/codegen/world/IWorld.sol";
import { CounterTableId } from "../src/codegen/index.sol";

contract Permissions is Script {

  function run() external {
    address worldAddress = 0x6E9474e9c83676B9A71133FF96Db43E7AA0a4342;

>     // Load the private key from the `PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (in .env)
>     uint256 deployerPrivateKey = vm.envUint("PRIVATE_KEY");
> 
>     // Start broadcasting transactions from the deployer account
>     vm.startBroadcast(deployerPrivateKey);
> 
>     IWorld(worldAddress).grantAccess(CounterTableId, address(0));
>     IWorld(worldAddress).revokeAccess(CounterTableId, address(1));
> 
>     vm.stopBroadcast();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Load the private key from the `PRIVATE_KEY` environment variable (in .env)
    uint256 namespaceOwnerPrivateKey = vm.envUint("PRIVATE_KEY");

    // Start broadcasting transactions from the account owning the namespace
    vm.startBroadcast(namespaceOwnerPrivateKey);

    IWorld(worldAddress).grantAccess(CounterTableId, address(0));
    IWorld(worldAddress).revokeAccess(CounterTableId, address(1));

    vm.stopBroadcast();
```

Nit, changing the variable name to make it clearer that the sender doesn't have to be the deployer but just needs to own the namespace
